Inversion Of Control(IoC) and Dependency Injection(DI) are the core features of the Spring framework.
And understanding it theoretically is more crucial to work with SpringBoot.

Assume this scenario:
	We are writing a java program, and in every java program we must face needs of creating objects for it.
	And creating and managing this will be done by our own.
	And this is how usually bigger java projects also have been build by managing the object on our own.
	And because of this there are a lot of problems arised,
		Tight Coupling
		Hard to change implementation
		Difficult testing
		Object creation scatterd everytime

So to overcome this problem, Spring created IoC and DI:
	As we know that managing the java object on our own is a tedious process, we just passes the control of managing those to the Spring itself and it is called Inversion of Control(IoC0.
	Our control over objects now inverted to the Spring.
	And after this, spring manages it and we can just create objects we don't want to use the new keyword at all for creating objects.
	Spring does everything on the object for us, such as:
		Object creation
		Dependency Injection
		Lifecycle Management
	
	Because of this we can able to achieve:
		1) Loose Coupling
		2) Centralized control
			Instead of creating objects everywhere:
				Spring manages everything in one place that is called IoC container or application context.
				Cleaner architecture
		3) Easier Testing
		4) Lifecycle Management:
			Spring handles:
				Object Creation
				Initialization
				Destruction
	And whenever we add @Autowired or any other thing for java object creation then it is called Dependency Injection.
	I mean when the java object(dependency) was injected into the java reference variable by using new (internally by spring) then it is called Dependency Injection.
	DI is a technique where Spring injects required dependencies into a class
	A class does not create its dependencies — it receives them

Types of Dependency Injection
	Constructor Injection ✅ (Recommended)
	Setter Injection
	Field Injection (@Autowired) ⚠️ less preferred

Relationship Between IoC and DI
	IoC is the concept
	DI is the implementation technique
	“IoC is achieved using Dependency Injection”

The java objects managed by Spring is known as beans.
A Spring Bean is a Java object that is created, managed, and controlled by the Spring IoC container

